This would you let's look at what is in the class what is a static in a class and can you create an
inner class inside a method and things like that.
So let's get started with what is in that class.
So basically and in class is something which is created inside of the class.
So here you you're seeing that here I'm creating this in a class inside and out of class.
This is an example of fun in a class.
So there are different kinds of in a class.
This is typically Collen in a class.
This is called a static master class because there's a static keyword.
Right before it.
So this is what is called a static class.
So this isn't a new normal in a class.
This is a static nested class.
And also you can create in a class it's inside method.
I have an example method where I'm creating another class so this class is method local in a class.
So this is possible to create in a class as within method.
So you see an example right here.
So there's an outer class which contains a method called example method and in say that we have a method
local in class there is a class called in a class example in the package.
In a class of common 28 minutes Jawa in a class which I would really commend you to spend some time
to understand what are the different things that are possible in different kinds of classes.
So we have a lot of examples in here which show what are the different things that you can do in that
in a class and based on the way they do of the class whether it's a class a static class or a method
in a class the way it is done.
It's a little different to give you a high level all of you what we have here is a method Local this
method local in the class.
And also we have static nested glassing here.
So that's the names.
I mean that's basically a new class but it has a static world.
And also we have an entire class in here.
And as you can see in each one of these there is a private variable that is a method and also there
is a guaranteed amateur's.
And also we are trying to access different things in here.
If you go to the main method let's quickly look at what are all the things that I described in here.
One of the things that is important is that static nested classes can be created directly without an
instance of its parent.
So you can see that outlook is not static nested class.
I am able to directly create a variable effect.
I don't need to create a variable of outer class and then create an instance of the class to be able
to do that.
However that's not the case for normal in that class.
So if I want to create an orderly class I would definitely need to have an instance of the outer class
so only once you have an instance of the outer class.
Here it's an example and only then you be able to create the instance of the other things and also the
other important thing that you need to note is that even though it's a static nested class the member
variables are not really static so the member variables are different.
They are basically real member variables they're not really static member variables.
The only thing static nested class extatic statically word in the nested class means is that the static
class can live outside the outer class.
So you can directly create an instance of the static nested class without needing any instance of the
outer class.
That's the only reason why you have a static keyword.
It doesn't really mean that everything inside that particular class is static.
A couple of important things that you need to understand so static in a class can be created without
needing an instance of the outer class.
However when normal inner class having one which doesn't have a static keyword if you need to create
it you'd need to have an instance of the outer class.
The other thing you can notice in here is that when a in a static nested class you cannot access outer
class with you but it makes sense right because you don't need a instance of the outer variable.
You don't need an instance of the Object class so the outer class instance variable does not make sense
here.
However in the case of an entire class you'd be able to access the value of the outer class instance
radio but so if I know the difference between an inner class and a static nested class or a static inner
class if you'd want to call it that way in a method local in a class you'd be able to access final variables
from here.
So in limited water available to final you'd be able to access them in the manner that local in the
US.
But don't the things which are find a local variable in here you would not be able to access them yet
however you'd be able to access class instance variables or whatever is in the outer class instance
variables that are there in the outer class would still be able to access them.
So there's a lot of stuff which goes on with the class with the Nestor's class they notes and things
like that.
This example would be a real help if you'd want to spend some time with it so I would really recommend
you to look at this example the proper Come here explaining everything that's happening in there.
And if you're not able to understand any of these things please do.
Please do leave a comment and I would definitely respond back.
Until the next video bullae.